Aashish Richhariya - Software Engineer, Meta - It was a pleasure working with buckleupgenius. He did an excellent job copyediting my university statement and delivered it way before the deadline. He is very communicative and has a great attitude. I will definitely recommend his services!

bgeraldi - Fiverr Customer - Absolutely amazing work!

joyousloyd - Fiverr Customer - Amazing delivery. Extremely satisfied with the work. Great articulation and delivered what exactly i was looking for. I posted for a project to be SEO optimized, Grammer to be corrected and if required sentenced to be re-written. He did an amazing job! Hats off to the speed, delivery and commitment. Got the work delivered in 2 hours. Thanks

Aleena Baby - ML Engineer, Access e.v - This guy is really genius. He did a fantastic job in creating this logo. I would love to do business with him again. Highly recommended. 

Geet Behera - Civil Servant - am extremely satisfied with the product and the accompanying service that the seller provided.I wanted to design a photo composite for an upcoming project. He perfectly grasped my initial idea and even used his creativity to my advantage. The final image he produced was way better than what I initially had in mind. The seller constantly remained in touch, provided timely updates and delivered the order well before the deadline, which makes it very comfortable for my project. Highly recommended to anyone looking for great Photoshop editing work or visual presentation of any idea that you have in your mind, be it for personal or professional endeavour. Thank you

Vijayshree - Git Infosys - I was looking for a content writer on Fiverr and then came across with Akhil. I got the article written from him. I am elated to share my review of his services. Amazing delivery. He delivered what exactly I was looking for. Hats off to the speed, delivery, and commitment. Thanks!

clarinome - Fiverr Customer - It was such a pleasure to work with Akhil. The result of his work was excellent. He started to work on the file right away and subtitled a 50 mins video in 15 hours to be exact and the output was crystal clear. The speed and the quality of his work were so impressive. I will strongly recommend Akhil to any employer. I look forward to working with him again in the future. Thanks, dude :)

davidworthy - Fiverr Customer - Awesome work with very good time on return. Follow my directions to the maximum, and over delivered! Thank you. Great work!

bigfranknj - Fiverr Customer - Quality work with rapid turnaround time. Skilled professional that strives for complete satisfaction. Highly recommended. Deal with confidence. Would use, again.

fishermusic2 - Musician - Fantastic work, very realistic look, I'm super impressed and thankful for the attention to detail. Great seller!!

Shashank Shekhar - Research Engineer, Google DeepMind - Working with buckleupgenius for my website was great. I am not familiar with website design and only mentioned my requirements very vaguely via examples etc. But he was able to come up with very specific solutions for my WordPress website, my SEO requirements as well as my hosting requirements. I would definitely like to work with him again in the future and would recommend him highly!!

suzanneedinger - Fiverr Customer - Very professional, knowledgeable and timely. Exceeded my expectations. I highly recommend! He made every change promptly and made several recommendations as well

Carlos Meli - Businessman - Very detailed oriented, patient and professional. Will be saving to favorite sellers list.

agtga777 - Fiverr Customer - Excellent communicator, very responsible, and a pleasure to work with!!!

valulife - Fiverr Customer - Beyond PHENOMENAL!!!! Buckleupgenius is Fiverr's absolute best at graphic design, photo editing and more. His creativity will take my website to a new level. He is timely, patient and a consummate professional. Seller is a graphic design genius! The perfectly branded images he creates for our website are so good that we're going to include on merchandise in our store. Akhil is responsive and get's it right every time. Do you brand a favor and book a Gig with this Seller. #FiverrForeverr

robertsdgr - Fiverr Customer - Akhil is extremely knowledgeable and did amazing job. He helped me beyond the actual project and advised me on next steps. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!

Iain Wise - Businessman - I couldn't be more impressed. A truly impressive operator. Look forward to working with him again soon

Dylan Menter - Influencer - I am blown away by the quality and creativity of Akhil's work. I've been working with him for a long time to produce high-quality subtitles for all my videos! Definitely recommended.